Refactor/ row print and queries (#30)
isoprophlex/distributed-postgres: README.md

# How to Run
## Creating Cluster
To run this locally, you need to first create some cluster databases. Each cluster will represent a different instance. You can create a cluster by running on the root of this project:
```
./create-cluster-dir.sh
```

The script will ask for a cluster name and create one in the "./clusters" directory.
If you are running only one instance in each server, you just need to create the one cluster.

You should also create a cluster for the client. This cluster should be reserved to be use only (and ever) with the client instance, because it does not have access to postgre's backend. Any data stored previously in it by a shard or a router won't be available.

## Setting the Nodes Configuration
Each node should know the other nodes in the network.

> This is set manually in the "nodes_config.yaml" file (sharding > src > node > config).
> You can follow the given example and change the ips, ports and even given names. 
> Just be careful: every server should have this file with the same content to create the sharding network. This is the telephone directy of the node's sharding graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is set manually in the "nodes_config.yaml" file (sharding/src/node/config/nodes_config.yaml).
You can follow the given example and change the IPs, ports and even given names. 
Just be careful: every server should have this file with the same content to create the sharding network. This is the telephone directory of the cluster's graph of nodes.
```

## Running a Client
Finally, once the network is up and the router is elected, you may run a client to access the database. You can do so with this command:
```
./init-client.sh <cluster_name>
```

You can also run a client without the network being done initializing, but you'll just get a warning message and the terminal will be blocked, waiting for the client to find a Router.

## Sending Queries
In the client instance, you can use the terminal to query the database as you like. The abstraction provided by the router will make it seem as if the client is connected to a centralized database. Remember, the project only supports queries as: 

- INSERT
- DELETE
- DROP
- UPDATE
- CREATE
- SELECT

"WHERE" statements are also supported.

You may also query each shard individually if you like, but you'll get only the results for the data stored in said shard.
In the same way, you can query the router. This will give you a client-like behavior, getting the results for all the shards and merging them.

## Ending execution
To stop the psql execution, you can type `\q` and press enter. 

> You must also the command `./server-down.sh`, so it stops every postgres task running in the background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must also run `./server-down.sh`, so it stops every postgres task running in the background.
```
